Submitting a Paper to IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing

This journal is a hybrid publication, allowing either traditional manuscript submission or author-paid Open Access (OA) manuscript submission. Read about OA submissions here.
‎
Detailed information on submitting your paper to an IEEE Computer Society publication can be found on the Author Guidelines page.
Please note that while the EIC, AEs, and reviewers do their best to make sure that papers are free of errors, it is the responsibility of the authors to submit papers with correct spelling and grammar.
‎
TDSC manuscript types and submission length guidelines are described below. All page limits include references and author biographies. For regular papers, pages in excess of these limits after final layout of the accepted manuscript is complete are subject to Mandatory Overlength Page Charges (MOPC). Note: All supplemental material must be submitted as separate files and must not be included within the same PDF file as the main paper submission. There is no page limit on supplemental files.

Regular paper – 12 double column pages (Submissions may be up to 18 pages in length, subject to MOPC. All regular paper page limits include references and author biographies.)
Short paper – 8 double column pages
Comments paper – 2 double column pages

A double column page is defined as a 7.875″ x 10.75″ page with 9.5-point type and 11.5-point vertical spacing. These length limits are taking into account reasonably-sized figures and references.
Please use the IEEE Template Selector to find the correct template.

Each author may submit at most two papers per month, including any submissions where they are listed as a coauthor. Submissions with more than nine authors must include a clear justification of each author’s individual contributions and will require approval from EIC before proceeding to the review process.‎ The paper submission count resets at the start of each calendar month.‎

Due to a high number of submissions, resubmissions of manuscripts that were not accepted in their current form, may be reconsidered only after a minimum period of six months from the decision date. Please ensure resubmissions include significant improvements and have addressed all reviewer comments, and include a cover letter describing why the resubmission should be considered.

No Addition of Co-Authors During Manuscript Revision
IEEE TDSC does not permit the addition of new co-authors during the revision of a manuscript. The author list should reflect individuals who made substantive technical contributions to the work at the time of the original submission. Individuals who contribute only after the initial submission may instead be recognized in the Acknowledgment section, where appropriate. If substantial additional technical contributions are needed from individuals who were not included in the original author list, the authors should withdraw the manuscript and submit it as a new submission with the appropriate revised author list. This policy is intended to maintain consistency, transparency, and integrity in authorship attribution throughout the peer-review process.