=== PAGE 1 ===
1
Next: Enabling Continuous UTXO Payments with
Direct Guarantees
Lu Hengrun
Abstract—Next is a native UTXO ledger enabling a recipient
to verify a quorum-signed output certiﬁcate (TXCer) after one
certiﬁcation round and request a successor before public source
execution, subject to successor admission and available capacity.
If the successor executes ﬁrst, the committee records a funded
obligation against the direct issuer. Original signers can resubmit
sources from publicly exposed certiﬁcates. A deadline-triggered
decision debits the issuer’s reserve; late sources repay it, but
permanently unexecuted sources leave the issuer bearing the
CAL of publicly consumed outputs. Optional authorized history
commands support local block review by embedding reserve
references at original coordinates while preserving owner autho-
rizations, successor references, and the complete BlockID. For
four-member organizations and a four-validator committee, each
requiring three votes with at most one static Byzantine member,
we prove unique consumption, coverage of outstanding certiﬁcate
liability, and delay-neutral terminal CAL holdings for ﬁnite,
acyclic, source-closed, conﬂict-free payment sets whose payments
each succeed exactly once. On one host with synchronous member
commits, median time to the last certiﬁed receipt in a 100-hop
chain is 4.707 s versus 64.479 s with per-hop waiting. Targeted
boundary and restart tests check capacity, economic closure, and
historical reads.
Index
Terms—Blockchain,
certiﬁed
payments,
collateral,
Byzantine fault tolerance, chameleon hash.
I. INTRODUCTION
In a UTXO ledger, each payment spends outputs of earlier
transactions, so if recipients wait for public execution, every
hop of a payment chain adds a conﬁrmation delay. Suppose
Alice pays Bob 100 CAL and Bob forwards it to Carol before
Alice’s payment executes. If Bob’s payment executes ﬁrst, the
ledger consumes an output that does not yet exist, and the
missing 100 CAL needs an identiﬁed, funded source, whether
Alice’s transaction arrives later or never.
Waiting for public execution at every hop is the direct
alternative, and our evaluation uses it as a control. Certiﬁcate-
based systems separate recipient usability from public process-
ing: FastPay and Zef support low-latency certiﬁed payments,
and Sui Lutris combines broadcast and consensus paths for
different kinds of state access [1]–[3]. Payment channels
obtain rapid transfers from channel liquidity [4], [5]. Next
asks how a native ledger can fund a certiﬁed payment whose
source has not executed, with registered organizations rather
than channels standing behind it.
Three difﬁculties are coupled. Certiﬁcates circulate before
public registration, so accounting from public gaps misses
existing commitments. A late source must not pay both the
guarantor that advanced the value and the recipient who
Lu Hengrun is with University.
already spent it. A client may hold a source and never submit
it.
Our insight is that the party answerable for a missing source
is already named by the certiﬁcate that travels with the output.
Next charges the gap to that direct issuer instead of tracing
ancestors, bounds every signed certiﬁcate’s liability by reserve-
backed signing capacity, and closes an unresolved obligation
by a public decision without changing stored history. The
design has three contributions, centered on direct responsibility
for missing sources.
C1: A layered architecture for one-round continuation.
Certiﬁcation and public execution carry different duties: a
certiﬁcate ﬁxes outputs and assigns liability to its issuer,
whereas public execution decides which payment the ledger
accepts. Members of the consuming organization lock inputs
and reserve capacity atomically before signing, and one par-
allel round yields a TXCer. The recipient veriﬁes and records
the output and can request a successor at once, carrying only
certiﬁcates of its direct inputs, while replication and public
submission run in the background. Successor approval remains
subject to input, fee, and capacity checks; the stage-speciﬁc
service contract is given in Section III-E.
C2: Direct responsibility with source decoupling. Public
execution atomically consumes a missing certiﬁed input and
records an obligation against its issuer. The successor’s block
publishes the source’s certiﬁcate, so the original signers can
resubmit the source from stored approvals; after the deadline,
a public decision debits the issuer’s reserve without threshold
adaptation, and a late source repays it. Each approval reserves
the full CAL output, change included, while it remains poten-
tially certiﬁable, and an authenticated conﬂicting public spend
may release the unused local reservation of a non-certiﬁed
approval. For four-member organizations and a four-validator
committee with at most one static Byzantine member each, we
prove unique consumption and that signing capacity covers the
outstanding CAL liability of every certiﬁcate, published or not.
For a ﬁnite, acyclic, conﬂict-free payment set that contains the
sources of its certiﬁed inputs and executes each payment once,
all orders of arrival and compensation end with the same CAL
holdings and reserve balances. The accounting extends over-
lapping per-member budgets [6] to hidden certiﬁcate liability,
dynamic compensation and repayment, and source closure.
C3: Authorized block-body representation with identity
preservation. After a compensation decision commits, re-
stricted chameleon-hash commands place its historical reserve-
debit reference in the compensated input while preserving
owner authorizations, successor references, and the complete
BlockID. This supports block-record archival review: an exe-

=== PAGE 2 ===
2
cuted local replica can export an authorized body at the origi-
nal coordinates and check it against the saved original commit.
Exact Revision and Task records authorize the replacement;
the permanent decision and current obligation state interpret it.
A functional comparison separates this body-level capability
from the equivalent economic answers available through an
ordinary index or materialized view. Economic closure does
not depend on this optional representation service.
On one M4 Max host with synchronous member commits
and NoSync wallet stores, a 100-hop chain reaches its last
certiﬁed receipt in a median 4.707 s, versus 64.479 s when
waiting for public execution between hops. On the same
current build, three fourteen-service P runs complete 21,048
payments; compensation and repayment ﬁnish before paused
adaptation services resume. Separate experiments characterize
behavior under injected network delays and single faults, and
the local reading, storage, and maintenance costs of optional
historical representation.
II. BACKGROUND AND RELATED WORK
Next combines certiﬁed payments that a recipient can reuse
before public execution, reserve-backed responsibility for a
source that has not executed, and authorized editing of stored
history. We compare prior work along two questions: who
answers for a missing source, and which payment and block
identities survive once that answer is recorded.
Certiﬁcate-based payments and execution. FastPay uses
Byzantine consistent broadcast for low-latency payments and,
in its primary-ledger deployment, backs redemption with
prepaid funds [1]. Its redeemability argument lets a valid
certiﬁcate be conﬁrmed before all incoming transfers are lo-
cally conﬁrmed, provided the sender’s missing earlier outgoing
certiﬁcates are supplied; redemption then reaches the primary
funding pool. Zef combines disposable accounts with private,
transferable coins, and ordinary spending uses current coin cer-
tiﬁcates and consumption evidence in place of the full ancestor
history [2]. Sui Lutris pairs broadcast execution for owned
objects with consensus for shared-object interactions [3].
Stingray supports concurrent transactions through Byzantine
bounded counters and FastUnlock [6]. Its overlapping per-
replica budgets (Sec. 4.2) and its treatment of budget exhaus-
tion when no quorum certiﬁcate forms (Sec. 5.3) are the count-
ing precedent for Next’s signing-capacity accounting, and we
do not present them as new. Its commutative workloads differ
from a payment chain in which each transaction consumes its
predecessor’s output. For that chain, Next publicly executes a
certiﬁed consumption before the source executes and registers
a funded obligation against the direct issuer. It adds respon-
sibility for certiﬁcates that were never published, dynamic
conservation of the Paid, Recovered, and Remaining quantities
of each certiﬁcate, and closure of the source obligation by a
public decision. The successor’s execution also publishes the
source’s certiﬁcate, so the issuing organization’s own members
can resubmit the source from the approvals they stored.
Channels and collateralized guarantees. Blitz replaces
two-phase commitment in channel payments with pay-or-
revoke [4], Donner develops virtual channels that address the
Domino attack [5], and CryptoMaze provides atomic multipath
channel payments with unlinkable partial payments [7]. All
three operate through channel arrangements. Next runs on a
native ledger with registered consumption routes and organiza-
tion reserves, so counterparties need neither a bilateral channel
nor a prefunded route between them.
Snappy protects merchants who accept fast on-chain pay-
ments through collateralized approvals, and reusable payment
guarantees combine privacy with customer collateral that can
be reused across deﬁned time windows [8], [9]. Next keeps
the user’s payment principal separate from additional orga-
nizational backing, and its compensation closes the missing
source of an already executed child without a second principal
credit to that child’s recipient. HyperService adjudicates cross-
chain execution violations through a public Network Status
Blockchain and an Insurance Smart Contract that ﬁnancially
reverses the effects of committed transactions [10]. Next draws
the responsibility boundary within one native UTXO ledger:
compensation settles a direct issuer obligation and leaves the
principal effects of executed successors in place.
Controlled editing and historical consistency. Chameleon
hashes permit authorized alternative messages under the same
digest and underpin editable-blockchain designs [11]. SDR
studies decentralized attribute-based edit authority and dy-
namic delegation [12], Escaping moves committee selection
and voting outside the consensus layer to shorten redaction
waiting [13], and Reconstructing Chameleon Hash develops
stronger deﬁnitions of indistinguishability and collision resis-
tance [14]. Next uses an established adaptation primitive, with
the trapdoor held as threshold shares of an RSA exponent
following Shoup’s practical threshold-signature approach [15].
The authority to apply a compatible replacement comes from
a committed compensation decision and public payment-state
checks, not from the primitive.
Reparo provides a publicly veriﬁable repair layer and can
re-execute affected transactions while repairing state [16].
Next ﬁxes payment authorizations and outputs in advance:
a public decision accounts for the compensation once, and
representation commands replace only the permitted funding
representation, without re-executing successors. The original
commands, including the decisions, remain the economic
replay history. RedactChain coordinates concurrent edits to
the same block and their preprocessing [17], and CDEdit
uses reusable privilege tokens to cut repeated token and key
generation and veriﬁcation across multiple edits [18]. In Next,
a batch shares the ﬁnal block representation across the decided
slots of one block, and each slot’s reserve debit was already
committed by its own decision, so the edit has no economic
effect. The complete block identity combines the stable header
hash with the original part-set header, and publicly committed
logical revisions authorize exact replacement bodies. Physical
installation can therefore advance directly to a later authorized
revision without changing successor references or replay of the
public command history.
III. SYSTEM MODEL AND OVERVIEW
Next lets a recipient spend a newly certiﬁed output before
the transaction that creates it executes publicly. Four objects

=== PAGE 3 ===
3
Sender wallet
Authorize payment
Consumption
organization
4 independent
members
3 matching
signatures
Recipient wallet
Verify and
record TXCer
Ready to continue
Next payment
Same or another
registered organization
Transaction
Output + TXCer
Direct evidence
Original signers
Resubmit
retained payment
Same authorization
Public committee
Execute child payment
Record direct gap
Public decision
Debit issuer reserve
Close economic gap
Authorized
representation
Adapt restricted slots
Install committed
revision
Public submission
Consumed
input QC
Original submission
Still missing
after deadline
Immutable
decision
Economic closure does not wait for adaptation
Fig. 1. One-round continuation and evidence-driven source resolution. Solid arrows form the recipient path; dashed arrows denote background work. Public
successor evidence enables the original signers to resubmit retained authorized material. If the source remains unresolved after its deadline, the committee
closes the gap independently of adaptation. A subsequent authorized representation preserves the payment and complete block identities.
carry the design: authenticated payment rights, their public
consumption, the responsibility for unresolved sources, and
the later representation of that responsibility in stored history.
Table I lists the notation.
A. Participants, Assets, and Assumptions
Next operates a native UTXO ledger. CAL carries payment
value and FUEL pays processing fees. Users spend their own
outputs, and organizations hold additional CAL in public
reserve accounts. The fast path requires an output with a
supported organization route; payment principal stays with its
owner, and no bilateral channel is opened. Fees default to the
user’s ﬁnal FUEL outputs; an authorized organization-funded
mode also exists.
Each organization has four ﬁxed members and a replace-
able collector. Members validate requests independently and
authorize payments, while the collector distributes requests,
assembles certiﬁcates, and coordinates propagation without
spending authority. A separate committee C of four equally
weighted validators, with three votes required, orders public
commands and maintains accounts, outputs, obligations, and
compensation decisions.
Faults and cryptography. The adversary corrupts statically
at most one member per organization and one committee
validator throughout an execution; users and collectors behave
arbitrarily. Honest participants share the network conﬁgura-
TABLE I
PRINCIPAL NOTATION.
Symbol
Meaning
G, C
Guarantor organization and public committee
T, cT
Payment and its certiﬁed summary fact
(x, i)
Output identiﬁer and spend instance
g, Bg
Grant and cumulative authorization
aT , pT , RecT
Total CAL outputs, gross compensation, and recov-
ered compensation
Ox, Dx
Direct obligation for a missing output and its im-
mutable compensation decision
(Hb, Pb)
Stable block hash and original part-set header
ρℓ, ρp
Committed logical and installed physical revisions
tion, genesis, rules, and organization registry, and each route
names one active conﬁguration and one consumption-lock
domain. Signatures are unforgeable, canonical digests and
original block commitments are binding, and messages may
be delayed arbitrarily.
State. Honest signing state is atomic and never forgotten or
rolled back. Before a member signs, its approval records the
payment, the admission vector, and the direct input certiﬁcates
of the request; the quorum certiﬁcate is not part of it. Public
execution is deterministic and atomically committed, and fol-
lowers apply authenticated consecutive blocks, updating state
and cursor together. Compensation and representation read
original blocks and their metadata, so correct committee repli-
cas retain both at every height that holds an open obligation
or a decided slot awaiting representation.
Adaptation and progress. Representation uses threshold
adaptation with material generated and distributed by a trusted
ofﬂine dealer, and a committed command must authorize any
adaptation output. Progress needs responsive honest partici-
pants, available evidence, sufﬁcient fees and resources, and
fair delivery and scheduling. The experimental in-memory
conﬁguration keeps state atomic only while the process runs,
and each run starts from fresh genesis.
Historical reads concern an honest replica that has veriﬁed
and executed public preﬁx H, using one read transaction on
its state VH. Section IV-H speciﬁes the interface semantics.
B. Outputs, Routes, and Certiﬁcates
An output carries an asset, an amount, an owner, and a
consumption route. Its identiﬁer x derives from the network,
the creating transaction, and the output position, and spending
is indexed by (x, i) with i = 0 for ordinary outputs. All
inputs of a fast payment share one consumption organization,
and the owner authorizes the transaction. New outputs may
select another registered organization, so cross-organization
continuation changes the route of the new output while the
previous issuer’s responsibility stays in place.
A TXCer pairs a summary with a quorum certiﬁcate (QC):
three distinct member signatures over one fact cT . The sum-
mary binds the network, transaction identity, issuer, conﬁg-

=== PAGE 4 ===
4
uration, epoch, rules, output commitments and amounts, and
admission grants. Output bodies may be delivered separately,
and the recipient checks commitment, position, and ownership
before saving an output. The certiﬁcate authenticates the
issuer’s guarantee; Section III-E deﬁnes the corresponding
service.
Each payment carries
IntentID = Digest(INTENT, Network,
Subject, Nonce),
which names an operation of one payer on one network; it
is not a nonce space shared among users. Members keep
local intent records per organization, whereas public execution
binds an intent to one TxID in the same atomic transition
that executes the payment successfully. Two organizations can
therefore certify, from independent inputs, two payments with
the same subject and nonce and both obtain QCs, but at most
one TxID executes publicly. This deduplicates transaction
execution, not economic receipts from separately executed
successors of conﬂicting QCs.
Throughout, the source of an output (also its parent) is the
payment that creates it, and its consumer (also its successor
or child) is the payment that spends it. Child outputs are
the outputs that the consumer creates. Source arrival means
successful public execution of the source transaction, which
the implementation’s Settled ﬂag marks and which may
coexist with nonzero Pending.
C. Three-Layer Design
Certiﬁcation and continuation. A member reserves the
input instances and applicable resources atomically before
it signs. A CAL grant g authorizes Bg, and each member
holds ⌊2Bg/3⌋signing capacity, partitioned among its local
execution Workers. A payment reserves aT , the sum of all its
CAL outputs including change; these overlapping capacities
constrain commitments but do not increase the backing funds.
The collector returns a TXCer after three matching approvals
in one parallel request–response round. Recipient veriﬁcation
and atomic local recording complete the fast path, while relay-
material storage, INSTALL (replication of complete material
within the organization), and public submission run in the
background. Input locks outlive budget release.
Source-decoupled public execution. A public command car-
ries the transaction, admission vector, organization authoriza-
tion, and direct input certiﬁcates. The committee reconstructs
the certiﬁed summary, veriﬁes the authorization, and checks
the current consumption state. For a certiﬁed input that is not
yet publicly created, it atomically records the consumption,
registers certiﬁcate-wide coverage against the issuer, creates
Ox and its gap, and creates the child outputs; only a miss-
ing output that is actually consumed opens an obligation.
Each public payment check uses direct certiﬁcates rather than
fetching ancestor transaction bodies. Members restore signing
capacity from authenticated blocks against their own recorded
debits (Section IV-C). Genesis checks aggregate grants against
each backing account, and top-ups debit unprotected accounts
and raise balance and grant atomically; authorizations never
decrease.
Resubmission, compensation, and representation. An obli-
gation closes by source arrival or, after a deadline ﬁxed by
public block time, by compensation from the issuer’s reserve.
The block that executes the consumer publishes the certiﬁcate
of its source, and members of the issuing organization that
hold the approval rebuild the payment from retained material
and resubmit it without new signatures. Once the deadline has
passed, a public compensation decision can close an obligation
that remains Open. It debits the reserve, closes the gap, and
records an immutable decision without adaptation data; a
source that arrives afterwards repays the compensating issuer
within its own execution, and the decision stays recorded.
Representation commands then replace the funding ref-
erence of a decided input with the reserve reference. Re-
stricted chameleon-hash adaptation preserves the ﬁxed au-
thorization, the output references, and the complete block
identity (Hb, Pb); RepairBatch groups the decided slots of
one historical block, and the commands write representation
state only. Original commands, committed revisions ρℓ, and
installed revisions ρp stay separate, installation can advance
directly to a later authorized version, and replay runs the
original commands, which include the decisions. Successors
need neither new signatures nor re-execution.
D. A Continuous-Payment Example and Design Goals
Alice pays Bob 100 CAL through GA, creating output x
routed to GB. Bob veriﬁes its TXCer and obtains a certiﬁcate
for a payment to Carol. If Bob’s payment executes ﬁrst, the
committee consumes (x, 0), records a 100-CAL obligation
against GA, and creates Bob’s outputs. Carol continues from
Bob’s payment without Alice’s transaction body, and the block
that carries Bob’s payment also carries the certiﬁcate of Alice’s
payment, so members of GA that approved it can resubmit it
when Alice’s wallet does not.
Three outcomes follow. If Alice’s payment executes before
compensation, it closes the obligation and instance 0 stays
consumed. Once the deadline passes, a compensation decision
can close an obligation that remains Open by debiting GA
by 100 CAL; Carol receives no second principal credit, Bob’s
payment does not re-execute, and the stored block keeps the
original funding reference until a representation command
replaces it with the reserve reference. If Alice’s payment
executes after compensation, it consumes its own inputs under
the same rules and repays GA the 100 CAL; the decision
stays recorded, Bob receives no second output, and (x, 0) stays
consumed. If Alice’s payment never executes, GA bears the
loss.
E. Service Contract
Table II separates certiﬁed receipt, public consumption, and
liability closure.
Terminal holders. A veriﬁed TXCer alone creates no re-
deemable public obligation. If its source does not execute
and the holder cannot obtain a valid successor that executes
publicly, the protocol offers no certiﬁcate-only redemption or
unconditional exit; waiting does not create one.

=== PAGE 5 ===
5
TABLE II
SERVICE CONTRACT BY STAGE.
Trigger
Established state
Veriﬁed receipt
The issuer’s QC binds the output and its
owner. The recipient may request a successor,
subject to its own admission checks. Receipt
alone creates no public compensation
obligation.
Public
consumption of
a missing
certiﬁed output
Successful execution atomically consumes the
input, registers its direct issuer’s obligation,
and creates the child outputs. Authorization,
fees, consumption state, and Intent must pass
the public checks.
Liability closure
Source execution fulﬁlls the obligation;
otherwise an included, valid post-deadline
decision debits the issuer’s CAL reserve. A
later source repays it without a second credit
to the recipient. The deadline alone does not
guarantee completion.
Admission and stoppage. Any client may collect approvals,
without acquiring spending or fee-sponsorship authority. Be-
fore a new approval, each member checks the Intent, input
locks, fees, grants, and available capacity in every applicable
Worker slice in one transaction, including aT CAL for all
outputs and change. Insufﬁcient capacity rejects that approval
without committing its changes or returning a signature. A
retry of an existing, non-invalidated approval adds no reserva-
tion. The wallet records certiﬁed receipt only after verifying
three matching signatures and the network, conﬁguration, own-
ership, and output commitment. If no quorum approves, the
request yields no new TXCer; earlier partial approvals remain
reserved. Thus new certiﬁcation can stop while the public
reserve still has funds. Stoppage does not cancel existing
certiﬁcates or unlock inputs.
Deployment and risk bearer. The implementation has neither
Subject-level CAL admission nor a cross-collector unﬁnished-
request bound. Fee-sponsorship policies and gateway concur-
rency limits do not supply these guarantees. Sustained progress
depends on the workload conditions of Section V-F, rather
than an enforced global admission limit. In open deployment,
the direct issuer bears the principal of a publicly consumed
certiﬁed output whose source never executes, including an
Intent loser. FUEL sponsorship does not transfer this CAL
liability to the fee payer.
IV. PROTOCOL DESIGN
Next certiﬁes ﬁxed payment authorizations and outputs and
lets their sources stay unresolved. Public execution consumes
a missing certiﬁed input and records the issuer’s direct obliga-
tion atomically, and it publishes the source’s certiﬁcate so that
the original signers can resubmit the source. A source still
absent at its deadline closes through a public compensation
decision without threshold adaptation, and representation com-
mands later replace the funding reference under the existing
commitments.
A. Identity, Certiﬁcation, and Delivery
Let KT be the encoded payment body and input claims,
CT the input commitments, and ΣT the output summary:
KT = Encode(T.Body, T.Claims),
id(T) = H(TX_V3, KT , CT ),
cT = H(DIRECT_CERT_V3, Encode(ΣT )).
(1)
Owner signatures authenticate id(T) and stay outside its
computation, and each output identiﬁer binds this identity,
the network, and the output position. Funding references and
openings are encoded separately, so a restricted replacement
leaves the authorized claims and outputs unchanged. Initial
submission requires OriginalFunding for each claimed
input with a valid opening, and a later representation preserves
body, claims, commitments, and owner signatures. Veriﬁcation
caches therefore key complete command bytes.
Under one Network and Subject, an honest wallet uses a
fresh payment nonce for every new payment, across organiza-
tions and instances; a retry resubmits the same payment with
its original authorization. A wallet must not change the nonce
and reuse an old certiﬁcate, and two facts that share an intent
are not merged into one guarantee. The experimental drivers
derive nonces from input identities, which is not a general
multi-device nonce allocation service.
A member checks ownership, routes, direct input certiﬁ-
cates, value conservation, and the admission vector. One local
transaction rechecks the input locks, ﬁnal fee inputs, and the
designated Worker’s resource slices and records the approval
with its exact debits; the approval keeps the transaction,
admission vector, and direct input certiﬁcates of the request
(Section IV-D). CAL reservation equals aT including change
even when every principal input is ﬁnal, since each certiﬁed
output may circulate before the payment executes. The mem-
ber signs after the transaction commits, a retry reuses a non-
invalidated approval, and releasing resource capacity keeps the
consumption locks.
The collector sends one canonical request to four members
and returns after verifying three signatures over the same cT ;
different valid subsets give the same fact. The recipient checks
the TXCer against the output body, index, owner, and trusted
conﬁguration, records the coin atomically, and can construct a
successor request at once, carrying its direct input certiﬁcates
in place of the ancestor chain.
Relay material is saved in the background, and bounded
early tasks let INSTALL and public submission proceed
independently. INSTALL stores complete material at members
and records certiﬁed consumption locally; it creates neither a
new approval nor a budget debit. Public submission proceeds
separately. Members schedule backup submission relative to
their ﬁrst INSTALL, and repeated INSTALLs cannot postpone
it. HTTP acceptance leaves the outbox entry pending until au-
thenticated public completion removes it. Backup submission
requires a retained complete submission; Section IV-D adds a
path from the approvals of the original signers.
The public DirectSubmission carries the transaction,
admission vector, organization SpendQC, and direct input
certiﬁcates. The committee reconstructs ΣT and veriﬁes the

=== PAGE 6 ===
6
same authorization; omitting a separate new-output TXCer
wrapper changes the envelope and keeps the requirement.
Public veriﬁcation binds each input certiﬁcate to its net-
work, issuer, fact, and output index. It requires exactly one
certiﬁcate–index entry per certiﬁed input, rejects duplicate
OutputIDs and extraneous entries, and permits distinct outputs
of one parent certiﬁcate. Coverage is registered once per parent
fact. The admission vector holds one CAL entry, bound to the
issuer.
B. Atomic Execution with Direct Obligations
Public execution separates certiﬁcate-wide coverage from
an actual missing-input obligation. On the ﬁrst missing use of
a parent fact c, register reserves its entire certiﬁed CAL
amount and creates a Promise for every output. The coverage
record maintains
Originalc = Dischargedc + Paidc + Remainingc,
(2)
where Paidc is a gross cumulative counter and Recc ≤Paidc
counts the part repaid by source execution. Grant usage
satisﬁes Reservedg + Spentg ≤Bg, where Spentg sums
Paidc −Recc over the certiﬁcates under g. Registration raises
public grant usage and leaves the reserve account untouched;
an effective compensation (Section IV-E) debits the account
and raises Spentg, and a repayment credits it and lowers
Spentg by the same amount. Only a missing output that is
actually consumed opens a direct obligation and raises the
public gap, so consuming one missing 40-CAL output of a
40/60 certiﬁcate reserves 100 CAL, opens a 40-CAL gap, and
leaves the unused Promise covered.
Figure 2 gives the public transition. Its prestate includes
earlier successful commands of the same block; static autho-
rization may be cached, while consumption, balances, grants,
and obligations are evaluated against the current state. All
changes occur in a private overlay, and a failure discards the
entire transition.
The intent check belongs to this evaluation: if the intent of
T is already bound to a different TxID, the transition returns
a conﬂict. The binding is written in the same atomic transition
that executes a payment successfully, and no production path
deletes or rebinds it, so resubmitting the same bytes cannot
remove the conﬂict.
An obligation binds the consumed output, parent certiﬁcate
fact, issuer, amount, consuming transaction, and historical
input location, and public block time anchors its deadline. The
consuming payment records its Pending input obligations and
fee progress. User-funded fees consume authenticated ﬁnal
FUEL, return excess input value as change, and escrow the
signed maximum, which covers registration, settlement, clo-
sure, and one compensation charge per certiﬁed input; unique
stage and obligation identities prevent duplicate charging, and
unused escrow returns to the payer when the input obligations
close. The child outputs are ﬁnal even while some inputs
remain obligations, so a further transaction consumes them
under the ordinary ﬁnal-input checks.
Require: Veriﬁed submission T, current state S, public time
1: If T is already settled, return no new effect
2: O ←Overlay(S)
3: Check intent, grants, and work; fund fee escrow in O
4: for each CAL input (x, i) do
5:
Require (x, i) to be unconsumed
6:
if a ﬁnal creation for (x, i) exists then
7:
Check its body and evidence against the claim
8:
else
9:
Require i = 0 and a matching direct TXCer c
10:
Register all of c’s coverage if unseen
11:
Create unique Ox; add gap and Pending
12:
end if
13:
Record consumption of (x, i) in O
14: end for
15: Require equal total CAL input and output values
16: Record T settled; advance its fee stages
17: Resolve each output: fulﬁll an Open obligation; repay the issuer
for a Repaired one and mark it Recovered; otherwise fulﬁll any
registered Promise. Create ﬁnal instance 0 unless repaid
18: Return all changes and results as one transition
Fig. 2.
Public payment execution. Any failed check rejects all provisional
changes. Output resolution follows Section IV-C.
C. Source Closure, Repayment, and Cumulative Reconcilia-
tion
A source transaction arrives through normal payment execu-
tion, including validation and consumption of its own inputs,
and its outputs resolve within that transition according to their
obligations. Arrival closes an Open obligation as Fulﬁlled:
it fulﬁlls the Promise, discharges the coverage, and lowers
the consumer’s Pending count. An output that no payment
consumed fulﬁlls any registered Promise and becomes ﬁnal
instance 0. A Repaired obligation means that a reserve debit
funded the consumer, so arrival repays that debit instead of
creating a second output: the amount returns to the issuer
account that paid it, the obligation becomes Recovered, and
the repayment counter and the grant’s Spent change together,
while the compensation decision stays as recorded. An already
consumed instance 0 remains consumed in every branch; a
repaid output has no ﬁnal creation. The source’s own inputs
may open new obligations against their direct issuers within
the same atomic transition.
Members reconstruct progress from authenticated consecu-
tive blocks and results, and only an existing local approval
supplies a debit to restore. For its CAL debit, member m
computes
tm,T =
(
aT −
 bpm,T −d
Recm,T

,
if settled,
0,
otherwise,
δm,T = tm,T −Appliedm,T ,
(3)
where “settled” means that the member has observed its
own payment execute successfully, and bpm,T and d
Recm,T
are the compensation and repayment recorded locally for that
approval’s outputs. On observing the execution of its payment,
the member checks that the repayment in the authenticated
result covers bpm,T and sets d
Recm,T
= bpm,T , since that
execution repays every compensated output of T; a member
that approved T after following the compensation recorded

=== PAGE 7 ===
7
none. After checking bounds and monotonicity, it moves δm,T
from Reserved to Available in the original Worker and updates
Applied. Pending inputs leave CAL release unaffected, since
their issuers carry those liabilities, and work resources wait
for fee closure. An unexecuted certiﬁed source keeps its full
CAL amount, including change, reserved at each approving
member; compensation alone does not release it. Spent FUEL
is not restored as unspent fee. Repeated blocks and late ma-
terial cannot repeat a credit. A wallet records a repaid output
as a terminal observation without certiﬁcate, ﬁnal creation, or
balance.
An authorized reserve increase debits an external, unpro-
tected CAL account, credits the reserve, and raises its grant
atomically. Each member adds the difference between the new
and old ⌊2Bg/3⌋shares while Reserved and its approvals stay
in place, and aggregate backing checks cover all grants that
share an account.
Superseded partial approvals. Equation (3) governs normal
settlement and repayment. A separate local terminal transition
applies when an authenticated, successfully applied public
payment under the same organization conﬁguration consumes
a principal or user-funded fee input instance that the member
had locked for a different fact. Before replacing the local
spend candidate, the follower reloads the immutable approval
and checks the exact output instance, the distinct fact and
transaction, and the absence of observed execution, installed
or queued certiﬁcate material, pending obligations, compensa-
tion, recovery, or any fee effect.
The member then returns, for every recorded local debit d,
exactly d.Cap −Applied from Reserved to Available in the
original resource slice and records the approval as invalidated
by the ﬁrst successful conﬂicting fact and height. It does not
set Settled, close a fee escrow, modify the approval, clear
other input locks, or change public state. The cumulative
Applied vector makes the transition idempotent when several
inputs of one approval conﬂict or a block is replayed. Retries
and late INSTALL are rejected. Exposure of an invalidated
fact as a purported certiﬁed source is treated as an accounting
contradiction and stops the follower under the stated fault
model. A timeout, INSTALL alone, or a global Intent conﬂict
between disjoint inputs does not authorize this release.
D. Source Resubmission from Public Certiﬁcates
The block that executes a payment carries the quorum
certiﬁcates authenticating its certiﬁed inputs and their creating
payments. Each member follows the block in its authenticated
block transaction. For every carried certiﬁcate of its own
organization, it loads the approval indexed by the certiﬁcate’s
fact, unless it has observed the source’s public execution or
already holds an outbox entry for that fact, and checks that
the stored transaction and admission vector reproduce the
fact. It then assembles the stored transaction, the stored direct
input certiﬁcates, and the exposed QC, and applies ordinary
payment veriﬁcation. On success it writes an outbox entry
in the same atomic local update, staggering the ﬁrst attempt
by member index; the existing relay submits the entry after
commit. Payments of other organizations trigger the same path,
and a stored record that fails these checks is corrupted state
that stops the follower.
The job resubmits the payment that the organization certi-
ﬁed, so it needs no new owner or member signature, creates
no approval, keeps input locks unchanged, and reserves no
capacity. An existing outbox entry keeps its retry time, and
execution of the source removes the entry. The path needs
an original signer that holds the approval, follows the chain,
and reaches the committee, and it needs that no global intent
conﬂict prevents the source from executing; a source still
absent at its deadline falls to compensation. It gives no ﬁxed-
time guarantee. Section V-B shows that at least two honest
signers hold the material whenever an obligation is public.
E. Compensation Decisions
After its deadline, an Open obligation closes through a
public CompensationDecision δ = (net, x, h, j, k): the
network, the consumed output, and the height, transaction
index, and input index of the consuming payment. The ﬁxed-
length canonical encoding holds neither a submitter signature
nor adaptation data. Authority comes from the public obliga-
tion, and committed state ﬁxes the target coordinates, so every
submitter forms the same bytes for a given obligation. Com-
mittee workers scan the due index and submit due decisions
without requesting adaptation shares.
Figure 3 gives the transition. The executor compares the
request’s network, position, and input slot with the obligation
before it reads any historical block, so a mismatching request
is rejected without loading history. It then reads the canonical
consuming payment at (h, j), checks its identity, fact, input,
and claimed amount, and requires OriginalFunding for x
with a valid opening and a same-width reserve replacement; it
computes no replacement opening and contacts no adapter.
One overlay carries every change: the reserve debit, the
Repaired status, Paid, Spent, the gap, the consumer’s Pending
count, the compensation charge (from the consumer’s escrow
to rewards), and, when no input obligation remains, the con-
sumer’s fee closure and refund, together with the immutable
decision record Dx (obligation snapshot and reserve-debit
identity) and the pending-representation entry.
The result carries the single per-output effect, which names
the parent and consumer facts, amount, input position, and
debit identity, together with any fee outputs. A repeated
identical decision returns an unapplied result with an empty
change set, also after the source’s repayment, and a decision
that differs from the record is rejected; once the source has
executed, no new decision for its obligation commits. Mem-
bers apply the effect from the authenticated result together
with their cursor and locate original approvals for the Paid
and Pending updates, and wallets apply each fee output once.
The compensation credits no principal to the recipient or to
an executed successor.
F. Representation Commands and Batches
A RepairBatch targets one historical block and holds 1–
32 items in canonical order, each naming an output, a transac-
tion index, an input index, and a new input opening; outputs

=== PAGE 8 ===
8
Require: Decision δ = (net, x, h, j, k), state S, execution height
and block time
1: Require h to be older than the execution height
2: If Dx exists, return no effect when it equals δ; otherwise reject
3: Require Ox Open with consumer position (h, j, k) and network
net
4: Require the deadline of Ox to be reached by block time
5: Load
the
canonical
consuming
payment
at
(h, j);
check
its
identity,
fact,
input,
and
claimed
amount;
require
OriginalFunding for x with a valid opening and a
same-width reserve reference
6: O ←Overlay(S)
7: In O: debit the issuer reserve; set Ox Repaired; move its Promise
to Paid; update Spent, the gap, and the consumer’s Pending count
and fee stages
8: In O: record Dx and the pending-representation entry
9: Return the changes and the compensation result
Fig. 3. Compensation decision. The transition reads and requests no adapta-
tion material. Any failed check rejects all provisional changes.
and slots are unique. The batch ﬁxes the base revision and the
previous and replacement canonical-body digests, carries the
part openings, and advances the logical revision from Base
to Base + 1. A single RepairInput is the one-item form
and carries the replaced transaction bytes. Both commands
accept only outputs with a committed compensation decision,
take amounts, issuers, and replacement references from the
decision record, and write no accounting state.
Public execution repeats all checks against its current state.
A changed base, an item without a decision, or a slot that
no longer holds OriginalFunding rejects the entire batch,
and exact successful replays are recognized before base valida-
tion. Since every command requires OriginalFunding in
its slot, a different batch or the single-item entry cannot replace
a slot twice, and command and revision identities stay speciﬁc
to the chosen packaging. The authenticated result names the
command and whether it applied; followers map it to an empty
economic effect, and the economic effect of a compensation
comes from the decision result alone. A repayment belongs to
the source’s own execution result.
G. Identity-Preserving Installation and Replay
Four identities are kept apart. The payment identity id(T)
ﬁxes the authorization and commitments, and owner signatures
bind it; it is not the consensus transaction hash. The consensus
Tx.Hash of a well-formed UTXO4CH envelope is a SHA-256
over its header and ﬁxed ﬁelds and checks no payment validity.
DataHash is the Merkle root over consensus transaction
hashes, and an inclusion proof does not grant revision au-
thority. The complete BlockID (Hb, Pb) keeps the block hash
and the original part-set header, and execution and installation
compare both. Part commitments are chameleon commitments
bound to chain, key, height, and part index, and changed parts
carry valid openings to their original commitments. Original
consensus parts carry revision 0 and opening 1; original
validation requires the correct height and these values, and the
application veriﬁes the original payment normally. A revised
part cannot pass as a new original execution, and only a
committed Task authorizes a rewrite. Replay uses the retained
original commands and never executes a revised body as a
new payment.
The public revision and Task authorize an exact new body
and its part evidence, which an installer copies from one
committed read view before it acquires the physical revision
lock. For target revision r, a lower physical version is veriﬁed
and installed, an equal version requires identical material, and
a higher version covers the old task without rollback. The orig-
inal block is retained, and parts and local version metadata are
written atomically. Installation may skip intermediate physical
versions and keeps every economic command. Queue progress
stays global and consecutive: for entries A1, B1, A2, installing
A2 while handling A1 leaves B1 open. Logical execution reads
committed Canonical revisions, so every installation schedule
leaves the same economic history. A revision is materialized
at a replica once its revised body has been physically installed
there.
Replay executes retained original blocks in their committed
order, including payments, compensation decisions, and repre-
sentation commands, and reconstructs the application hashes
of that sequence. Existing successors keep their authorizations,
output references, and block identities. A compensation deci-
sion alone closes the obligation economically as an append-
only public record. Representation adds an interface: at the
consumer’s original coordinates (h, j, k), the stored block
names the reserve debit for the designated input and still
veriﬁes against the original BlockID. A reader still reads the
permanent decision and the obligation status for the economic
state, and the revised ﬁeld does not replace them. Batching
shares representation work within a block and direct instal-
lation coalesces historical writes, and neither adds a round
to normal certiﬁcation. Section VI-C reports the functional
distinction and the read, storage, and maintenance tradeoffs
against an optimized decision index.
H. Reading Funding at Original Coordinates
A read at (h, j, k) returns (H, h, j, k, F, r, d, sH), assembled
from existing functions inside one read transaction on VH.
Here F is the funding representation, r its revision, d the
decision or an absent marker, and sH the obligation state.
This logical tuple describes local composition, not a deployed
network interface. The index j counts the original transaction
list and is not renumbered after ﬁltering maintenance com-
mands or failed transactions. The logical body comes from
the committed revision in VH and falls back to the original
block only when no revision exists, so physical installation
progress, or a block store that already holds a later version
during replay, does not change the answer. A revision that
exists but cannot be decoded is an error and never falls back
to the original. Missing history is reported as unavailable and is
not read as the absence of compensation; the contract assumes
that the relevant history is not pruned. In a complete, veriﬁed,
unpruned VH, a missing decision means that none exists as of
H.
Four state dimensions. These dimensions describe different
objects and advance separately.

=== PAGE 9 ===
9
Dimension
Meaning
Public payment
Settled records successful execution. Newly
created outputs are ﬁnal even when Pending
is nonzero; outputs with Repaired obligations
repay the reserve rather than being recreated.
Direct
obligation
Open→Fulﬁlled,
or
Open→Repaired→Recovered. Repaired denotes
compensation; Recovered denotes subsequent
repayment. The compensation decision persists.
Logical
representation
The
revision
in
VH
determines
the
slot.
OriginalFunding does not imply absence
of compensation. ReserveFunding records a
historical advance and remains after repayment.
Physical
instal-
lation
ρp records the installed block-store version. In-
stallation progress does not determine the logical
answer at H or change economic state.
The reader therefore consults the permanent decision and
obligation state together with the funding representation. A
pending-representation entry is removable work state, not
durable evidence that compensation occurred. None of these
representation or installation changes credits a second princi-
pal amount to the consumer.
Use: block-record archival review. Consider a local archival
review that keeps each block’s original commit evidence
and transaction coordinates. After compensation, its input
review must associate a reserve advance with the payment
that consumed the missing output. An index or a materialized
funding view supplies that association as an annotation to
the unchanged original body. C3 offers a different record
format: the designated input ﬁeld itself names the historical
reserve debit, and the authorized body remains compatible
with the saved commit. This lets the review replace its body
representation while retaining the block record and its existing
commit evidence.
The consumer reads the authorized body and exact Revision
and Task from VH, reconstructs the block and parts with that
revision’s openings, and checks the complete BlockID against
the saved commit through Next’s veriﬁcation interfaces. Votes
sign both the block hash and the part-set header. Because the
funding slot lies outside the ﬁxed ﬁelds covered by consensus
transaction hashes, changing that slot preserves the header
hash; the part-set check rejects the changed body when its parts
have not been adapted. The consumer then extracts the reserve-
debit reference at (h, j, k) and associates it with the permanent
decision and obligation state at H. The old commit establishes
compatibility with the committed identity; the successfully
executed decision and representation command, recorded with
the exact Task in VH, authorize the new bytes.
Our prototype exercises this workﬂow, including late re-
payment. Table IV separates this body-level record format
from the economic answer, which the index and ordinary
view provide equally, together with original identities and
successor references. This is a Next-aware local consumer,
not an unmodiﬁed CometBFT client. “Optional” means that
economic closure proceeds with the subsequent representation
service stopped; the current build still uses the CH transaction
and part encodings.
Cryptographic instantiation. The implementation uses RSA
chameleon hashing with a 2048-bit modulus, e = 65537,
and context-bound SHAKE256 full-domain hashing into Z∗
N.
A trusted dealer generates a three-of-four threshold RSA
key using CIRCL v1.6.5 [19], following Shoup’s threshold
construction [15]. Public adaptation ratios do not convey edit
authority; committed decisions, exact Tasks, and complete-
identity guards do. The supplement speciﬁes the encoding,
parameter assumptions, and raw-group adaptation interface.
V. SECURITY ANALYSIS
We analyze ﬁnite executions of the protocol of Section IV
under the model of Section III-A. The arguments reason over
the guards of the transition functions and use, besides the fault
and state assumptions, the veriﬁcation rules of Section IV-A:
input certiﬁcates bind network, organization, fact, and claimed
output and correspond one-to-one with certiﬁcate inputs, and
each admission vector holds one CAL entry bound to the
issuer. A representation takes effect only through a committed
command whose guards require an existing compensation
decision, derive the slot and reserve reference, and verify every
non-target byte and the complete block identity, so adaptation
output is a candidate whose availability governs representa-
tion progress alone. The consensus argument specializes the
Tendermint locking interface [20] to complete block identities.
A. Original Execution and Certiﬁed Consumption
A polka is a same-round quorum of prevotes for a complete
block identity or nil.
Lemma 1 (Original-execution agreement): Under the lock-
ing and validity rules of the consensus interface, one original
block body is admitted per committed height, including its
application context.
Proof: With original opening 1, a part leaf hashes its
context-bound message representative, so binding and the
Merkle proof ﬁx its bytes under the original part-set header.
Candidate bodies are rebuilt from parts or paired locally with
parts, Locked and Valid transfers preserve the pairing, and
proposal, proof-of-lock (POL), lock, and commit comparisons
use (Hb, Pb); a change of download target clears the old body,
and the round and step guards allow one precommit per round.
Conﬂicting same-round commits need an honest double
precommit. Take a commit of v in round r with its two honest
signers, and the smallest later round s with a conﬂicting polka
(nil polkas that authorize unlocking included) at its earliest
certiﬁcate formation. The quorum meets the two signers, and
the vote of that signer needs an earlier unlocking justiﬁcation,
which contradicts the choice of s or of the formation event.
Votes for a locked value trace through earlier lock rounds
to proposal validation, and Finalize follows a commit that
matches the complete block identity. Synchronization and
replay preserve body, height, and time, and the supplement
expands the argument.
Lemma 2 (Authenticated, unique consumption): A TXCer
ﬁxes its outputs and issuer. No two valid certiﬁcates authorize
conﬂicting consumption of the same (x, i), and public execu-
tion consumes that instance at most once.
Proof: Binding ﬁxes the certiﬁed summary and the owner-
authorized transaction, and the ﬁxed route sends competing
requests to one organization. Two three-member quorums

=== PAGE 10 ===
10
intersect in at least two members, so an honest member lies
in both. Its atomic input lock precedes signing, so it approves
only one of two conﬂicts, and budget release keeps the lock.
Final-input and certiﬁcate-input execution consult the same
spend key. Replaying a fact adds neither a consumption nor
a fee charge. A repaid output has no ﬁnal creation and its
instance 0 stays consumed, so a later claim on (x, i) fails.
Lemma 3 (Superseded partial approval): Fix one four-
member organization with three signatures required and at
most one Byzantine member. Let an honest member have
approved fact c and locked a principal (ﬁnal or certiﬁed) or
user-funded fee input instance ξ. If a successfully applied
public payment under the same organization conﬁguration
carries a valid QC for a different fact c′ and a different
transaction identity and consumes ξ, then no three matching
valid member signatures for c can have existed. The honest
member may therefore restore the residual local debits of c
while permanently refusing to sign or install c. This conclusion
does not apply to two QC-bearing facts with disjoint inputs
that conﬂict only through their global Intent.
Proof: The public execution of c′ has passed the current
organization’s authorization checks and therefore carries a
valid three-member QC. Assume for contradiction that c also
has a valid three-member QC. The two signer sets intersect in
at least two members. Since at most one member is Byzantine,
an honest member belongs to the intersection. That member
would have signed two different facts that consume the same
instance ξ, although honest members atomically lock principal
and user-funded fee instances before signing and reject a
different candidate for a locked instance. This contradicts the
approval rule.
Thus no three matching signatures for c can have existed.
In the notation introduced in Section V-C, c /∈Cg. Restoring
one member’s residual debits for c cannot remove a capacity
witness for any term of Qg. The successful public consumption
of ξ, the immutable approval, and the invalidated progress
record continue to reject later use of c; only its unused local
resource reservation is restored.
B. Source Resubmission and Compensation Decisions
For an output x, Ox is its direct obligation, with status Open,
Fulﬁlled, Repaired, or Recovered, and Dx is its immutable
compensation decision. Repaired means economically com-
pensated, whatever the state of the stored bytes. The decision
is written inside the transition from Open to Repaired and is
never deleted, so Dx exists exactly when Ox is Repaired or
Recovered. The set R holds the representation state (commit-
ted revisions, head command, tasks, batch references, queue,
pending-representation index), and the projection πecon retains
public assets, consumption, coverage, obligations, grant usage,
and fee states while omitting D and R.
Lemma 4 (Resubmission preserves authorization): Let an
honest member create a resubmission job for a fact c. The
job submits the payment, admission vector, and direct input
certiﬁcates that the member stored before it signed c, with the
public QC of c, and public veriﬁcation and execution treat it
as any submission of that payment. It needs no new owner
or member signature, creates no approval, keeps input locks
unchanged, and reserves no signing capacity. A member holds
at most one job per fact, and execution of the payment removes
it. Once a direct obligation on an output of c is public, at least
two honest signers of c retain the stored material.
Proof: The member indexes its approval by the fact in
the public QC, and the stored payment and admission vector
must reproduce that fact. It combines this material and its
stored direct input certiﬁcates with the exposed QC and applies
ordinary payment veriﬁcation before it creates an outbox
entry. Fact binding and quorum veriﬁcation exclude any other
payment core, and the quorum signatures ﬁx the content of the
certiﬁcate that the exposing party chose to carry. The transition
writes the outbox alone, so the approval, input locks, and grant
reservation stay as they were, and the existing outbox and
observed-execution marks suppress duplicates. A stored record
that fails these checks lies outside the fault model.
An obligation arises only from an executed payment that
consumes a certiﬁed missing input, and public veriﬁcation
requires that input’s certiﬁcate, which is therefore public. Its
three distinct signers include at least two honest members,
each of which stored the approved material before it returned
a signature. The approvals hold no quorum certiﬁcate, which
arrives with the block, so a client that withholds the certiﬁcate
leaves the material for resubmission intact. Execution further
needs a continuing honest follower, fair delivery, and a source
payment that meets the ordinary execution rules, including the
global intent check.
Lemma 5 (Certiﬁcates bound liability, not execution): Let
T1 ̸= T2 be payments with the same Network, Subject, and
Nonce, spending disjoint inputs routed to organizations G1
and G2, each valid under its own organization’s approval
rules. Both payments can obtain QCs, and in every public
order at most one executes. A malicious user can cause this,
and resubmitting either payment does not remove the conﬂict.
Payments of different Subjects with the same nonce do not
conﬂict.
Proof: Each organization holds its own local intent record
and the approvals concern disjoint inputs, so neither organiza-
tion observes a conﬂict, and the owner’s authorization covers
each payment. At public execution, the evaluation returns a
conﬂict when the intent is already bound to a different TxID.
The binding is written in the transition that executes a payment
successfully, and no production path deletes or rebinds it, so
the other payment stays unexecuted whatever its resubmission.
A different Subject yields a different intent.
If T2 cannot execute but a consumer of its certiﬁed output
does, the consumer registers an obligation against G2. Com-
pensation debits that issuer without making T2 executable. Its
approving members retain rm,c = ac, and its liability remains
wc = ac. The original inputs stay locked, but a user controlling
the consumer’s output may use that new value in a later
request. Repetition requires fresh paired Intents, usable routes,
certiﬁcation capacity, and fees; the ﬁnal descendant must also
retain a usable route. This reuses descendant value rather than
unlocking the rejected source inputs. In user-funded mode,
the rejected source retains locks on its complete FUEL inputs,
not merely its signed escrow maximum. Theorem 3 excludes

=== PAGE 11 ===
11
this case because not every payment succeeds. Terminating
repeated submissions of the conﬂicting source would not
authorize release of its certiﬁed liability.
Lemma 6 (Compensation takes effect at most once): Each
direct obligation incurs at most one reserve debit and its
associated economic effects. A decision for x with an existing
record Dx has no effect if it equals the record, including after
repayment, and is rejected otherwise. A decision without a
record is rejected once Ox is no longer Open.
Proof:
Status
changes
only
along
Open→Fulﬁlled,
Open→Repaired
(by
a
decision
alone),
and
Repaired→Recovered
(inside
the
successful
execution
of the source). A decision ﬁrst checks Dx: an exact match
returns an unapplied result with an empty change set, and
a mismatch is rejected. Without a record, the transition
requires an Open obligation, a deadline reached by block
time, and a matching historical position, amount, and funding
commitment, all re-derived from committed state. It then
debits the issuer reserve, closes the gap, updates fees and
coverage, and records Dx in one atomic step. The status
machine is acyclic, so Open is left once and at most one
decision takes effect.
If the source executes ﬁrst, the obligation leaves Open and
no decision for it commits. If compensation comes ﬁrst, the
source’s execution returns the funds to the issuer through
the single Repaired→Recovered transition, keeping Dx and
creating no user output. Induction over the public command
order gives at-most-once compensation and repayment.
C. Covering Public and Hidden Commitments
Every certiﬁed fact carries one CAL entry bound to the
issuer, because at least two honest signers computed the
vector through the admission rules before they signed and
the fact binds the summary. For a complete CAL grant g,
the cumulative authorization Bg gives each member s(Bg) =
⌊2Bg/3⌋capacity. Let Cg contain every distinct fact whose
three signatures have existed by the current preﬁx, including
unassembled and hidden certiﬁcates and settled facts. The
unique CAL allocation binds each fact to one conﬁguration,
ResourceKey, and Grant ID. A fact c has output cap ac, the
sum of its CAL outputs. For c ∈Cg, let pc be the cumulative
compensation paid for those outputs, Recc the part repaid by
source execution, and zc indicate that the payment of c has
executed successfully. The net compensation is ¯pc = pc−Recc.
Deﬁne
wc =
(
ac,
zc = 0,
¯pc,
zc = 1,
Qg =
X
c∈Cg
wc.
(4)
Lemma 7 (Source repayment): A compensated output leaves
the Repaired state only inside the successful execution of
its source, in the same transition that sets zc = 1, and the
repayment is credited to the account that was debited. Hence
0 ≤Recc ≤pc ≤ac, Recc = 0 while zc = 0, and Recc = pc
once zc = 1. In particular ¯pc = pc while the source is pending
and ¯pc = 0 afterwards, so no net compensation survives the
execution of the source.
Proof: Each registered promise leaves Open at most once,
and by Lemma 6 compensation applies at most once to an
output and only while its obligation is Open, so pc ≤ac. The
only transition that leaves Repaired is the output-resolution
step of a payment whose fact and issuer equal the certiﬁcate
fact and issuer of the obligation. It runs in the overlay that
records the payment as settled, so zc and the repayment change
together. The step resolves every output of the source that
has an obligation, turning Open into Fulﬁlled and Repaired
into Recovered, and afterwards every promise of c is closed,
so no new compensation arises and a repeated submission is
a no-op. Compensation debits and repayment credits use the
issuer account stored in the obligation, which is the account
of the single CAL allocation of c, and the repayment leaves
Dx untouched.
For any local approval, let rm,c = ac −Appliedm,c, where
Applied is its cumulative CAL restoration.
Lemma 8 (Residual capacity): For every fact c ∈Cg and
every honest member m that approved c, at every preﬁx,
rm,c ≥wc.
Proof: For c ∈Cg, Lemma 3 excludes invalidation by an
honest signer: the triggering conﬂict would imply c /∈Cg. Un-
til m observes the successful execution of the payment of c, its
CAL restoration for c is zero, so rm,c = ac ≥wc whatever the
compensation state. After it observes that execution, m checks
that the reported repayment covers its recorded compensation
and sets its recorded repayment equal to it. The restoration
target is ac minus a recorded net compensation of zero, so
rm,c = 0, and wc = ¯pc = 0 by Lemma 7. A member that
approved after following a compensation recorded none and
restores only its own debit.
Theorem 1 (Potential liabilities are funded): For every CAL
grant, Qg ≤Bg. For each reserve account x, its total open gap
Gapx does not exceed its balance Ax.
Proof: Let Am,g contain all successful approvals under g,
including those without a QC (invalidated approvals contribute
zero residual), and Lm,g = P
c∈Am,g rm,c across Workers.
Approval, ordinary restoration, and superseding invalidation
move capacity between Available and Reserved, and top-ups
add the difference in member shares, so Lm,g ≤s(Bm,g) ≤
s(Bg) for the locally observed authorization Bm,g; grants
only increase. Fix any three honest members Hg of the
organization. A QC has three distinct signers and at most one
member lies outside Hg, so the set Sigc of members of Hg that
signed c has at least two elements. Honest members sign only
after approving, so Lemma 8 gives rm,c ≥wc for m ∈Sigc,
and
2Qg ≤
X
m∈Hg
X
c∈Cg
m∈Sigc
rm,c
≤
X
m∈Hg
Lm,g ≤3⌊2Bg/3⌋≤2Bg.
(5)
Let Rc and dc be the registered remaining and discharged
coverage, with pc = dc = Rc = 0 before registration.
Registered records satisfy ac = pc + dc + Rc, and zc = 1
implies Rc = 0. Hence Rc ≤wc −¯pc: while zc = 0 we have
Recc = 0, so Rc ≤ac −pc = wc −¯pc, and once zc = 1 both

=== PAGE 12 ===
12
sides vanish. Deﬁne Sg = P ¯pc, Vg = P Rc, and Eg =
Qg −Sg, with sums over Cg. Registration, compensation,
repayment, and discharge maintain public Usage.Spent= Sg
and Usage.Reserved= Vg.
Let Gx contain all grants backed by x; their certiﬁed CAL
account is the debited issuer account. Genesis establishes
P
g∈Gx(Bg −Sg) ≤Ax. External, non-protected top-ups raise
both sides equally. Compensation raises Sg and lowers Ax
by the same amount, repayment lowers Sg and raises Ax by
the same amount (Lemma 7), and no other protocol operation
withdraws CAL reserves. Each Open obligation corresponds
to a distinct remaining promise, so
Gapx ≤
X
g∈Gx
Vg ≤
X
g∈Gx
Eg
≤
X
g∈Gx
(Bg −Sg) ≤Ax.
(6)
Gross Paid and its recovery are each counted once, and Eg is
a risk bound rather than available member capacity.
A partial approval remains charged until either its own
payment executes or authenticated public history proves that
one of its locked instances was consumed by a different
successfully authorized fact under the same conﬁguration.
Time alone never releases it. A disjoint-input payment that
loses a global Intent conﬂict may still have a valid QC and
issuer liability, and therefore retains its input locks and signing
reservation.
CAL admission consequence. At the execution prestate,
including earlier successful block commands, let Ng be the
distinct, valid, unregistered parent facts under g that matching,
unconsumed missing inputs require. They have wc = ac and
pc = Rc = 0. Every registered fact satisﬁes Rc + ¯pc ≤wc,
and the facts are disjoint, so
Vg + Sg +
X
c∈Ng
ac ≤Qg ≤Bg.
(7)
Repeated uses of one certiﬁcate count once, and sequential reg-
istration sees earlier reservations, so every partial sum obeys
the bound. First registration therefore cannot fail for CAL au-
thorization capacity, even when it precedes a repayment in the
same transition, since a repayment only lowers Sg. Likewise an
Open amount a ≤Gapx ≤Ax has sufﬁcient reserve principal.
Other resource and fee checks remain separate.
D. Asset Conservation and Delay Neutrality
Theorem 2 (CAL conservation): Let U be the total value
of ﬁnal, unspent CAL instances, A the total CAL account
balance, and D the total value of Open gaps. Every execution
preﬁx satisﬁes
U + A −D = C0,
(8)
where C0 includes genesis outputs and all accounts, including
top-up sources.
Proof: A payment consumes ﬁnal value F and missing
value M and produces F + M. Let J and R be the total
values of its arriving outputs whose obligations were Open and
compensated, respectively. The former outputs were already
consumed, so they close gaps and add no unspent value; the
latter receive no creation record. Hence ∆U = M −J −R,
∆D = M −J, and the repayment gives ∆A = R, so ∆(U +
A −D) = 0. A compensation decision of amount a gives
∆A = ∆D = −a and ∆U = 0. Resubmission changes no
public state, and by Lemma 10 representation commands and
installation leave U, A, and D unchanged. Top-ups transfer
between included accounts, and other transitions preserve the
projection.
FUEL follows separate accounting: each escrow maximum
equals Held plus cumulative Rewards, Burned, and Refunded,
and the global conserved sum counts unspent FUEL, ordinary
accounts, current Held, reward balances, and cumulative burn.
Unique stage and obligation identities transfer value once, for
user-funded and organization-funded fees alike.
Conservation ﬁxes totals, and the next result ﬁxes the ﬁnal
holders.
Theorem 3 (CAL delay neutrality): Let T be a ﬁnite set of
payments such that (i) no two consume the same instance
or fee input, (ii) the relation “consumes an output created
by” is acyclic, and (iii) every certiﬁcate input of a payment
in T certiﬁes an output of a payment in T . Let U be a
ﬁnite set of authorized reserve increases. Start from a clean
genesis state with no coverage, promise, or obligation records
and zero CAL Reserved and Spent. Let ρ0 execute T
in
an order consistent with (ii), applying U, and let ρ be any
execution consisting of the payments of T , the increases of
U, and compensation decisions of due Open obligations, in any
order, optionally interleaved with admissible representation
commands. Suppose every payment and increase succeeds
exactly once in both executions. Then at the end of ρ and
of ρ0:
1) the ﬁnal, unspent CAL instances coincide, with the same
owners and amounts;
2) every reserve account holds the same CAL balance;
3) every CAL grant has the same authorization and
Reserved=Spent= 0, every obligation is Fulﬁlled or
Recovered, and Paidc = Recc for every certiﬁcate.
Fees and FUEL are not compared.
Success here includes all applicable authorization, input, In-
tent, resource, and fee checks. The CAL coverage bound
does not imply that every QC-bearing payment meets these
independent execution conditions.
Proof: Holders. By (i), both executions consume the
same instances. In ρ, an output consumed before its source
executes receives an obligation, and when the source executes
the output is either Fulﬁlled, with a creation record that is
already consumed, or Recovered, with no creation record; in
both cases it is consumed. Outputs that no payment of T
consumes are created as ﬁnal and unspent in both executions.
The unspent instances are therefore the genesis outputs and
the outputs of T that T leaves unconsumed.
Reserves. For a reserve account x, let ˆAx be its balance
plus the amounts of Repaired obligations issued by x. Com-
pensation lowers Ax and raises the Repaired total by the
same amount, repayment reverses this on the same account
(Lemma 7), and creating or fulﬁlling an obligation changes
neither term. As in Theorem 1, only top-ups, compensation,
and repayment change reserve balances, so ˆAx = Ax(0) + τx

=== PAGE 13 ===
13
at every preﬁx, where τx is the total of increases credited to
x so far. An obligation exists only for an output consumed
before its source executes, and by (iii) that source executes
in ρ and leaves the obligation Fulﬁlled or Recovered. At the
end no obligation is Open or Repaired, so Ax = Ax(0) + τx,
which is also the value in ρ0.
Usage. Every registered certiﬁcate is used by a missing
input, so by (iii) its source executes in ρ. That execution
closes all of its promises, so Remaining= 0, and Lemma 7
gives Paidc = Recc. Hence Reserved= PRemaining= 0 and
Spent= P(Paidc−Recc) = 0, and authorizations change only
through U.
Representation. By Lemma 10, an interleaved representation
command leaves every compared quantity and the result of
a later payment or decision at the same height and time
unchanged.
Intermediate states differ: a compensated source’s issuer
holds less until the source executes, which Theorem 1 covers,
and the compared projection omits the decision records and
representation state that exist only in ρ. A source that never
executes leaves its compensated amount as a net loss of its
issuer, and incentives lie outside the theorem.
E. Authorized Representation and Independence
Lemma 9 (Decision-gated representation authority): Ev-
ery effective representation item refers to an existing com-
pensation decision, including one whose obligation has
since been repaid, and to a canonical slot that still holds
OriginalFunding. A successful representation changes no
transaction bytes outside its authorized funding slots, even
when adaptation outputs are adversarial.
Proof: Let N be the RSA modulus, e its public exponent,
and r an opening in Z∗
N. The domain-separated representative
FDH(ctx, m) binds the message and its repair context. The
relation
C = FDH(ctx, m)re = FDH(ctx, m′)r′e
(mod N)
(9)
gives compatibility and carries no fresh approval, and a
published opening ratio can be reused for the same message
relation. Public guards read the decision record, which holds
the obligation snapshot and the reserve-debit identity, and
derive the slot and the replacement reference from it. They
check the current base and body digests and verify all non-
target bytes and the complete block commitments. Reading the
snapshot keeps a decided slot representable after repayment.
Invalid candidates leave no changes, exact successful replays
are no-ops, and a repackaged command meets a slot that no
longer holds OriginalFunding or an existing task. The
decision committed the economic effect, so the command
supplies no amount, issuer, or account change, and the adapter
writes no ledger state; the argument rests on the veriﬁed output
alone.
Lemma 10 (Representation is economically inert): For every
successful single or batch representation command r and state
S, πecon(r(S)) = πecon(S). A payment or decision executed
at the same height and time yields the same result in r(S) as
in S, and the projections of the two successor states agree.
Proof: A representation command checks the decision,
the canonical target, the base revision, the preceding digest,
and the permitted replacement. Its write set holds revisions, the
head command, task and batch-reference records, the queue,
and pending-index removals; it skips the accounting transition
and writes no account, obligation, coverage, usage, spend, or
fee record. Followers map its result to an empty economic
effect. The projection is therefore unchanged for one step and,
by induction, for any sequence of such steps.
A decision for an output y reads the canonical body only
through the transaction identity, the authorization fact, the
inputs, claims, and amounts, the encoded length, and the slot
of y. If Dy exists, the decision is a no-op that reads no history.
Otherwise the slot of y still holds OriginalFunding, since
replacement requires Dy, and replacing other ﬁxed-width slots
leaves the remaining ﬁelds unchanged. Payment execution
never reads the canonical body.
Lemma 11 (Identity preservation and installation indepen-
dence): An effective representation preserves the owner autho-
rizations, transaction and output identities, claims, successor
references, and the complete original BlockID (Hb, Pb). For
the same public history, legal physical installation sched-
ules have identical economic projections. Moreover, if the
chameleon relation has a unique valid opening for each ﬁxed
message and commitment, then for a ﬁxed original body and a
ﬁxed set of decided slots the ﬁnal body and part openings do
not depend on the grouping or order of representation com-
mands. Revision numbers, command histories, and application
hashes may differ.
Proof: The executor builds the canonical body by chang-
ing only the declared funding slots and their openings. Trans-
action identity, claims, and input commitments stay ﬁxed
by the identity encoding of Eq. (1), and replacements keep
the encoded width. The executor veriﬁes the new openings,
recomputes the block hash and part-set header of the revised
body, and accepts only equality with the original BlockID.
Base and Previous serialize competing canonical revisions,
and the committed Task binds the permitted bytes. Successors
reference transaction and output identities, so they need neither
re-signing nor re-execution.
Canonical reads the committed logical revision ρℓ, and an
exact Task authorizes body and parts at revision r ≤ρℓ.
Installation advances if ρp < r, checks exact equality if
ρp = r, and treats ρp > r as covered without rollback.
It writes no economic state and reads only the committed
revision and task records, and queue progress crosses only
completed entries. For legal schedules µ1, µ2 over one public
preﬁx this gives
πecon(Sµ1) = πecon(Sµ2).
(10)
The convergence statement follows from the uniqueness of
each slot and part opening and the independence of part
contexts from the revision counter. The supplement gives
this argument and the comparison of follower updates and
histories.
Reader
scope. These lemmas concern a replica whose
own state ran the guards, so the reader of Section IV-H
trusts local state that executed them. A block that carries a

=== PAGE 14 ===
14
RepairBatch which did not execute successfully confers
no representation authority. An inclusion proof, an equal
BlockID, or the chameleon relation alone does not show that
a representation was authorized as of H. Serving untrusted
remote readers would need authorization evidence tied to an
authenticated state root or to proofs of original execution,
which this paper does not deﬁne.
F. Protected Continuation and Progress
Let FreshRecv(w, o, c) denote authenticated receipt by an
honest owner who has not previously authorized consumption
of that instance. Freshness is a history predicate and does not
follow from successful receipt alone.
Theorem 4 (Protected continuation): Following FreshRecv,
the certiﬁed output cannot be reinterpreted or consumed
without owner authorization. A certiﬁed, publicly executed
successor consumes a ﬁnal source or atomically establishes
a funded direct obligation. Source closure, compensation, and
representation preserve its established principal effects without
successor re-signing or re-execution.
Proof: Lemma 2 ﬁxes ownership and excludes conﬂicting
consumption, and atomic execution couples each missing con-
sumption with its obligation and outputs. Theorem 1 supplies
funding, Theorem 2 accounts for closure and late sources,
Lemma 1 identiﬁes the executed history, Lemma 4 bounds re-
submission, Lemma 6 bounds compensation, and Lemmas 9–
11 restrict later changes. Induction over the joint local and
public transitions composes these properties. INSTALL retains
local consumption effects and leaves public assets unchanged.
A compensation decision may change Pending, fees, and
reserve balances without repeating successor principal, and
representation and physical installation change none of them.
Local retention cases. The following cases distinguish re-
source restoration from input unlocking. Elapsed time alone
authorizes neither.
Approval state
Consequence under the existing rules
Independent
partial
approvals
without QCs
Capacity may be fragmented without public
liabilities. Funded increases can enable com-
pletion but do not erase existing locks.
All-honest
same-
input 2/2 split
Neither candidate can obtain a third signature.
Additional capacity does not resolve the con-
ﬂicting input locks.
Superseded uncer-
tiﬁed approval
A successfully executed conﬂicting QC under
the same conﬁguration proves that the old
approval could not have formed a QC. The
guarded invalidation restores only its residual
local debits.
QC-bearing Intent
loser
Disjoint-input Intent rejection does not permit
invalidation. The unexecuted source retains its
signing reservation even after compensation.
Conditional progress. Fix a CAL grant. For member m and
Worker w, let Cm,w be the locally observed total slice capacity,
Available plus Reserved. Let Lm,w bound residual reservations
outside a designated request set, and let Nm,w ≥1 bound
its distinct requests that may simultaneously acquire or retain
reservations, including the candidate. If each request reserves
at most amax CAL, including change, then
Cm,w ≥Lm,w + Nm,wamax
excludes a CAL-capacity refusal for that candidate: other
reservations occupy at most Lm,w + (Nm,w −1)amax. All
competing reservations must be counted exactly once, includ-
ing partial or abandoned approvals, certiﬁed but unreleased
payments, and payments awaiting local reconciliation.
The condition must hold at the relevant debit steps and slices
of a responsive honest quorum. It is a workload condition, not
a bound enforced across collectors. Input and Intent compat-
ibility, sufﬁcient fees and other resources, available evidence,
and fair delivery and inclusion remain separate requirements.
Source execution, economic closure, and representation have
distinct progress conditions; none implies a universal comple-
tion deadline or timeout-based unlocking.
Lemma 12 (Economic closure does not wait for adaptation):
An outstanding direct obligation can be closed by its public
compensation decision once its public deadline is reached and
the decision is included, provided the original history at its
location, the issuer’s reserve, and the consumer’s fee escrow
are available. This transition requires no adaptation contribu-
tion. Completion of the representation separately requires valid
adaptation material, a current canonical revision, and progress
of public submission and local physical installation.
Proof: The decision path validates the obligation and the
historical slot and performs accounting without an adaptation
endpoint. The reserve sufﬁces by Theorem 1, and the ad-
mission rule reserves one compensation charge per certiﬁed
input within the consumer’s escrow. Unavailable adaptation
therefore blocks neither the decision nor a later repayment.
The threshold service needs three valid contributions from the
four ﬁxed holders; three responding honest holders sufﬁce,
and a Byzantine holder may also supply a valid contribution.
Shared execution resources and public ordering still govern
latency, so the statement separates protocol dependencies and
gives no completion-time bound.
Availability and guarantor risk. Once a consumer exposes
the source QC, at least two honest source signers retain its
submission material (Lemma 4). Fair delivery and inclusion
support resubmission of an executable source but cannot
overcome a permanent Intent conﬂict; a due obligation can
instead close without adaptation (Lemma 12). At every preﬁx,
0 ≤Sg =
X
c∈Cg
 pc −Recc

≤Qg ≤Bg.
For a ﬁxed grant without further funding, this bounds net
unrepaid compensation, not lifetime gross Paid. An unexecuted
certiﬁed source keeps rm,c = ac at its honest signers, so a slice
can stop issuing while reserve principal remains. A funded
top-up increases shares without clearing reservations or input
conﬂicts and exposes the new authorization to the same risk.
Permanently unexecuted sources fall outside Theorem 3. The
open service in Section III-E accepts adversarial reserve loss
and retained capacity; FUEL fees do not insure either, and no
CAL–FUEL exchange value is assumed. Supplement S3 gives
the two-round ledger and its ﬁxed-signer capacity bound.
VI. IMPLEMENTATION AND EVALUATION
Builds and measurement. The current-build series is based
on f856c7b: three 100-hop runs per continuation mode and

=== PAGE 15 ===
15
three runs of the representative paused-adaptation treatment
P. All nine runs share the same node build. Additional timing
probes are conﬁned to payctl and are enabled in all six chain
runs, without changes to production node paths. The complete
N/R/C/P matrix on 721800c remains archived; historical-
reader measurements retain 721800c, and the injected-
latency study retains 9879f64. Chain summaries use medians
and ranges of three run totals; mixed-load summaries use
medians of three run-level statistics.
Setup and measurement. Experiments use one Mac Studio
M4 Max with 16 CPU cores, 64 GiB RAM, macOS 26.6.2,
and Go 1.27.1. The project overlay of CometBFT v0.38.26
implements the identity and installation rules. Network trials
use synchronous bbolt member commits before signing; com-
mittee application state, BlockStore, and gateways are disk-
backed. Members use GOMAXPROCS=16 and GOGC=200;
commit, ﬂush, and gossip settings are 250, 10, and 10 ms.
Network trials copy the same unrun genesis and keys, reset
genesis time, and use sufﬁcient ﬁxed funding without top-up.
Certiﬁed receipt runs from ﬁrst actual send to recipient
veriﬁcation and atomic local recording. Public and member
observations include block following and driver polling; the
chain experiment separately records application-commit com-
pletion. Unless stated otherwise, summaries take the median
of three run-level statistics, not pooled transaction quantiles;
ranges describe runs, not conﬁdence intervals. The timing
trials do not measure restart recovery, sustainable throughput,
or minimum capital. The persistent restart checks below are
separate functional regressions.
A. Continuous Spending Without Per-Hop Settlement
Nine services support three independent NoSync wallets
rotating 100 CAL through online 100-hop chains, using syn-
chronous member commits and user-funded ﬁnal FUEL. The
three pairs run in fast/wait, wait/fast, fast/wait order after a uni-
form three-second warm-up. Fast mode proceeds after certiﬁed
receipt; wait mode also requires the driver’s observation of
wallet-veriﬁed public execution between hops. Both measure
Sent1 →Ready100, including construction of hops 2–100 and
retries, but excluding ﬁrst-payment construction. Wait mode
adds 99 intermediate waits, not the ﬁnal payment’s public
conﬁrmation.
Median chain times are 4.707 s and 64.479 s, respectively, a
13.70-fold ratio of medians; run ranges are 4.700–4.726 s and
64.387–64.670 s. Fast uses 300 attempts for 300 payments,
whereas wait uses 414. All 297 fast successors use the
preceding TXCer and are ﬁrst sent before the earliest parent
application-commit completion across the four replicas, with
a minimum lead of 183.439 ms. Actual child-before-source
obligations number 2, 4, and 1 in the three fast runs; early
sending alone is not counted as out-of-order execution. All
600 payments close and pass the accounting, input, replica,
fee, and outbox audits. Fast-mode all-payment member closure
has a median of 5.526 s from the ﬁrst send. Last-payment
public observation has a median of 5.477 s. Each chain spends
9,400 FUEL: 8,400 in rewards and 1,000 burned. For the ﬁxed
transaction shape, the TXCer is 779 B and requests are 1,979 B
initially and 2,766 B thereafter.
Certified continuation
Wait between hops
101
102
100-hop chain time (s, log)
4.707 s
64.479 s
Fig. 4. Current-build 100-hop chains on f856c7b, including client timing
probes: three runs per mode, synchronous members and NoSync wallets. Dots
are run totals; bars mark medians. Only wait mode requires public observation
between hops.
Client timing. For target height h, BlockData obtains the
signed header at h + 1 before fetching the block and results
at h. The RPC can supply the latest-height seen commit
without waiting for h+2. From application-commit completion
at the fetch source, committee0, commit-to-complete-fetch
includes successor evidence, replica progress, polling, and
retrieval, not pure polling or query overhead. Its wait-mode
P50/P95 are 285.884/314.509 ms. Separate P95s for post-fetch
veriﬁcation, preparation/local recording, and post-transaction
callback-to-driver observation are 0.236, 1.343, and 4.713 ms.
The callback does not await a durability ﬂush. Supplement S4
speciﬁes checkpoints, clocks, matching, and aggregation. The
chain ratio compares end-to-end modes, including retries and
evidence observation; negative fast observation-to-build differ-
ences indicate overlap.
B. Source Resolution Under Representative Mixed Load
The fourteen-service P treatment schedules 7,000 ordinary
payments at 100 payments/s over 70 s, alongside eight in-
dependent cross-organization parent–child pairs, using au-
thorized organization-funded FUEL. Four committee nodes
and two organizations with four members and one gateway
each give fourteen services. Ordinary wallets use NoSync;
scenario wallets commit synchronously. The driver limits fast
requests to 64 and outstanding payments to 256. Pairs start ten
seconds after driver launch, one second apart, and scenario
wallets follow blocks for at least 55 s. Parent publication
and INSTALL are withheld, automatic source resubmission is
disabled, and all adaptation endpoints are paused; consensus
and compensation decisions remain active. Each late source
is released after its compensation is observed. Ordinary trafﬁc
spans the injected fault and recovery intervals.
All 21,048 payments across the three runs close, including
21,000 ordinary payments and 24 parent–child pairs. Each run
pays and recovers 800 CAL. Before adaptation resumes, all
four committee replicas report all eight targets Recovered,
with their representation Committed and Materialized
ﬂags both false. These 96 replica–target checks establish

=== PAGE 16 ===
16
compensation and repayment before adaptation resumption in
the measured executions. Within each run, committee state
hashes agree at a common height, and CAL/FUEL, input,
fee, reservation, and outbox audits pass. Per-run fees are
659,544 FUEL: 589,384 in rewards and 70,160 burned.
Table III reports ordinary receipt latency together with pre-
send backpressure and drain. Median run-level receipt P50/P95
are 54.538/147.549 ms; public and member-observation P95s
are 2.187 and 2.255 s. All three runs reach the 256-outstanding
limit. Dispatch P95 reaches 780.727 ms and scheduled-to-
receipt P95 reaches 851.742 ms; the latter is computed per pay-
ment, not by adding quantiles. Actual send spans are 70.080–
70.771 s, followed by 0.955–1.115 s of ordinary-payment
drain. This representative P series demonstrates economic
closure during ordinary trafﬁc with adaptation unavailable; it is
not a current-build comparison of interference across N/R/C/P.
C. Historical Reading: Equivalent Answers and Explicit Costs
The timed historical-reader series retains build 721800c;
the same-consumer functional extension uses the current build.
The reader is an honest local replica that has veriﬁed and
executed preﬁx H, querying original coordinates (h, j, k)
within one application read transaction VH. A loads original
history and uses the permanent decision index; B uses existing
Canonical revisions. Both consult the same permanent deci-
sions and obligations, returning identical input identity, TxID,
coordinates, amount, historical funding/debit, decision/height,
and obligation state at H. Authorization comes from success-
ful execution binding exact revisions, not a CH equation or
matching BlockID. This is not remote-server authentication.
Body compatibility versus economic answers. An extended
archival-consumer test compares A and B with M, a plain
serialized materialized funding row keyed by the same original
identity and coordinates. M caches immutable funding and
decision ﬁelds and reads current obligation status from VH;
it does not adapt any commitment. All three return equal
economic answers before and after real repayment. B addi-
tionally veriﬁes its authorized body against the actual saved
original commit. Rebuilding that changed body with initial
part openings preserves the header hash but changes the part-
set header and is rejected by the same commit check. After
repayment, the authorized body and M’s cached rows remain
unchanged while the obligation becomes Recovered. Table IV
records these functional results. M is a test-only cached view,
not a third timed backend.
Fixtures use real signatures, successful ABCI execution,
disk-backed bbolt/GoLevelDB, and frozen BlockStores. A has
its own original BlockStore, without B’s backup-layout cost.
Point queries load a block and decode the selected transaction;
A’s block query scans its range index once and builds a
timed map. Neither strategy receives a precomputed decision
map. Pages are warm, with no decoded-block or result cache;
GOMAXPROCS=16, GOGC=100.
Three fresh processes each test four (n, m) ﬁxtures, with
n ∈{32, 256} payments and m ∈{1, 8} compensated slots
per block. After 20 warm-ups per strategy, 300 interleaved
queries per strategy for compensated points, ordinary points,
and whole blocks yield 21,600 timed queries. Timing includes
read-transaction boundaries, loading/decoding, record associa-
tion, and result construction. All timed reads use represented,
materialized H = 4; other stages and subsequent real re-
payments are functional-equivalence checks, not extra timing
samples.
Canonical reduces compensated-point P50 by 7.44–12.32%
(12.6–123.8 µs); whole-block differences are 1.49–3.88% (Ta-
ble V). In (256, 8) run 1, A performs 12 BlockStore Gets
returning 622,183 B; B performs none but reads 825,526 B
from application state. Mean per-query heap allocation is
approximately 4.95 versus 2.24 MB, while record-association
medians are 11.50 versus 10.83 µs. This indicates a lay-
out/reconstruction beneﬁt, not fewer total bytes or crypto-
graphic acceleration. Decoded-object caching could change
that tradeoff.
Representation adds 0.28–2.19 MiB of net logical KV per
repaired block, for revisions, tasks, and backup/history records,
net of deleted Pending. The (256, 8) 5,056-B batch is al-
ready included. Local sequential adaptation, assembly, Fi-
nalize, synchronous application Commit, and materialization
total 43–214 ms. It excludes network/consensus waits, public-
block saving, and commit-signature construction. Common
compensation costs are reported separately.
Equivalence checks cover compensation before represen-
tation, representation before materialization, and repayment
preserving the historical debit with state Recovered. Invalid
coordinates, cross-preﬁx decisions, and wrong debit/amount
are rejected; undecodable revisions fail rather than fall back.
These checks do not establish detection of arbitrary decodable
corruption. Canonical offers authorized funding representation
at stable historical coordinates, with measured maintenance
costs, rather than an economically necessary or universally
faster alternative to indexed history.
D. Injected Latency and Single-Fault Runs
On 9879f64, four conditions run three times each in alter-
nating order. H uses the injection proxies without added delay;
L adds 25 ms per direction to member RPC and committee P2P
trafﬁc. L-M and L-C add that delay and suspend member 3
or committee validator 3, respectively, from 15 to 45 s. Each
run sends 100 warm-up payments, 1,200 ordinary payments at
20/s, and two 10-hop chains starting inside the fault window.
The actual health-RPC RTT rises from 1.17 to 52.20 ms; both
RPC and P2P mean holds are about 25.2 ms per direction. The
supplement speciﬁes the FIFO injection, ﬁxed resources and
per-run results.
All 15,840 payments close, with equal committee states,
empty outboxes and zero public gap. No compensation is
needed. Table VI separates receipt, public observation and
observation of all four members. With one member sus-
pended, new QCs use the other three members and public
completion continues, while the absent member’s observation
creates a peak of 630–641 outstanding tasks. With a validator
suspended, receipt P95 remains 108–111 ms and 400–510
payments reach public observation inside each fault window,

=== PAGE 17 ===
17
TABLE III
ORDINARY-PAYMENT MEASUREMENTS FOR REPRESENTATIVE P RUNS ON F856C7B. EACH RUN CONTAINS 7,000 ORDINARY PAYMENTS PLUS EIGHT
PARENT–CHILD PAIRS. RECEIPT STARTS AT ACTUAL SEND; DISPATCH SPANS SCHEDULED TO ACTUAL SEND; SCHEDULED-TO-RECEIPT IS CALCULATED
DIRECTLY PER PAYMENT. DRAIN STARTS AT THE LAST ORDINARY SEND. THE FINAL ROW TAKES THE MEDIAN OF EACH COLUMN’S THREE RUN-LEVEL
ENTRIES.
Run
Receipt P50
(ms)
Receipt P95
(ms)
Dispatch P95
(ms)
Scheduled-to-receipt P95
(ms)
Send span
(s)
Drain
(s)
P-1
54.538
156.680
90.335
189.591
70.080
1.090
P-2
54.007
147.549
245.315
326.828
70.235
0.955
P-3
55.001
141.424
780.727
851.742
70.771
1.115
Median
54.538
147.549
245.315
326.828
70.235
1.090
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
Start of 10-s window (s)
0
50
100
150
200
Ordinary receipt P95 (ms)
10
20
30
40
50
60
Time from first ordinary send (s)
1
4
8
Target pair
Successor public
Compensation
Repayment
Materialized
Adaptation resumes
Fig. 5. Current-build P observations. Left: ordinary-receipt P95 in the ﬁrst seven ten-second windows; line and band show three-run medians and minima–
maxima. Right: eight targets in P-1, with compensation and repayment preceding adaptation resumption. Public events are observations, not internal commit
timestamps.
TABLE IV
FUNCTIONAL COMPARISON FOR LOCAL ARCHIVAL REVIEW. A: ORIGINAL
BODY PLUS DECISION INDEX; M: ORDINARY CACHED FUNDING ROWS; B:
C3. ALL USE THE SAME EXECUTED PREFIX AND AUTHORIZATION
RECORDS.
Capability
A
M
B
Equal economic answers at H
Yes
Yes
Yes
Retain original coordinates and ID
Yes
Yes
Yes
Original body validates original commit
Yes
Yes
Yes
Reserve-debit reference inside a revised body
that validates the same commit
No
No
Yes
Consult public authorization and state
Yes
Yes
Yes
but public P95 rises to 9.5–12.6 s. Retained commit certiﬁcates
verify ﬁve paused-validator round-0 proposer opportunities
per run; each commits in round 1 without that validator’s
signature. Both chains ﬁnish certiﬁcation within each fault
window, and every run drains within 1.25 s of its last ordinary
send. These are single-host injected-delay results, separate
from the fast/wait comparison.
E. Boundary and Composition Checks
Deterministic tests on 9879f64 use actual member ap-
provals, ABCI execution, and authenticated follower updates.
They reproduce no-QC capacity fragmentation, a same-input
2/2 split, and two Intent-conﬂict compensation rounds with
complete CAL/FUEL accounting. An external top-up resolves
the ﬁrst case but not the second. Real threshold adaptation
covers both representation/repayment orders; retained-state
restart reproduces each original command history. A commit-
before-signature interruption preserves locks and reservations
and permits an idempotent retry. The supplement gives the per-
preﬁx ledgers, negative-entry tests, and restart assertions. The
current-build proof-to-code map identiﬁes the entry points,
atomic guards, and existing regressions supporting each prop-
erty. An additional raw-byte ABCI test rejects unrelated
or forged QCs and forged owner signatures at CheckTx,
ProcessProposal, and FinalizeBlock without business-state
changes.
Archived evidence. The supplement retains earlier contin-
uation, throughput, capital, organization-path, and availabil-
ity experiments under their original builds and conﬁgura-
tions. They provide historical context, not measurements of
f856c7b; cross-version differences are not attributed to in-
dividual changes.
VII. CONCLUSION
Next separates continuation, economic closure and historical
record. On one host with synchronous member commits,
certiﬁed continuation reaches the last receipt of a 100-hop

=== PAGE 18 ===
18
TABLE V
HISTORICAL READING AND REPRESENTATION COSTS. A IS ORIGINAL HISTORY PLUS DECISION INDEX; B IS CANONICAL. POINT READS TARGET
COMPENSATED SLOTS. QUERY ENTRIES ARE MEDIANS OF THREE RUN-LEVEL P50S; COST ENTRIES ARE MEDIANS OF THREE TOTALS. EXTRA KV
EXCLUDES COMMON HISTORY, DECISIONS, AND APPLICATION COMMIT METADATA.
(n, m)
Point (µs)
Whole block (µs)
Extra net KV
(MiB/block)
Local work
(ms/block)
A
B
A
B
(32, 1)
162.54
148.38
1,028.29
1,005.79
0.279
43.32
(32, 8)
169.21
156.62
1,127.46
1,083.71
0.314
94.46
(256, 1)
1,005.21
881.38
8,441.58
8,316.00
2.153
65.32
(256, 8)
1,006.25
887.25
8,554.17
8,407.12
2.189
214.40
TABLE VI
INJECTED LATENCY AND SINGLE FAULTS: MEDIANS OF THREE RUN-LEVEL
STATISTICS OVER ALL 1,200 ORDINARY PAYMENTS PER RUN; WARM-UP
AND CHAINS ARE EXCLUDED. PUBLIC AND MEMBER COLUMNS ARE
SEND-TO-OBSERVATION P95; THE MEMBER COLUMN WAITS FOR ALL
FOUR MEMBERS.
Condition
Receipt P50/P95 (ms)
Public (s)
Members (s)
H
41.56/83.20
1.28
1.36
L
81.91/118.22
1.32
1.41
L-M
77.71/112.85
1.30
29.00
L-C
77.41/109.32
10.02
10.04
chain in 4.707 s, against 64.479 s when each hop waits for
public execution (retries included). Reserve-backed signing
capacity covers certiﬁcate liability, original signers can resub-
mit exposed sources, and a due compensation decision closes
an obligation that a late source repays, even with adaptation
paused. Optional representation records the reserve debit under
the original block identity. Each path advances on its own
evidence while preserving the authorization and outputs of
completed payments.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
ChatGPT and Claude assisted with drafting and revising the
abstract, main-text sections, supplementary explanations, and
Chinese reading edition. Codex assisted with source-grounded
review, implementation and test scaffolding, revision, LaTeX
assembly, and plotting scripts. Experimental plots were gen-
erated from recorded measurements.
REFERENCES
[1] M. Baudet, G. Danezis, and A. Sonnino, “FastPay: High-Performance
Byzantine Fault Tolerant Settlement,” in Proceedings of the ACM
Conference on Advances in Financial Technologies, 2020, pp. 163–177.
[2] M. Baudet, A. Sonnino, M. Kelkar, and G. Danezis, “Zef: Low-latency,
Scalable, Private Payments,” in Proceedings of the Workshop on Privacy
in the Electronic Society, 2023, pp. 1–16.
[3] S. Blackshear, A. Chursin, G. Danezis, A. Kichidis, L. Kokoris-Kogias,
X. Li, M. Logan, A. Menon, T. Nowacki, A. Sonnino, B. Williams, and
L. Zhang, “Sui Lutris: A Blockchain Combining Broadcast and Con-
sensus,” in Proceedings of the ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer
and Communications Security, 2024, pp. 2606–2620.
[4] L. Aumayr, P. Moreno-Sanchez, A. Kate, and M. Maffei, “Blitz: Secure
Multi-Hop Payments Without Two-Phase Commits,” in 30th USENIX
Security Symposium, 2021, pp. 4043–4060. [Online]. Available: https:
//www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity21/presentation/aumayr
[5] ——, “Breaking and Fixing Virtual Channels: Domino Attack and
Donner,” in Network and Distributed System Security Symposium, 2023.
[6] S. Sridhar, A. Sonnino, and L. Kokoris-Kogias, “Stingray: Fast
Concurrent Transactions Without Consensus,” 2025, arXiv:2501.06531,
version 1. [Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.06531
[7] S. Mazumdar and S. Ruj, “CryptoMaze: Privacy-Preserving Splitting of
Off-Chain Payments,” IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure
Computing, vol. 20, no. 2, pp. 1060–1073, 2023.
[8] V. Mavroudis, K. W¨ust, A. Dhar, K. Kostiainen, and S. ˇCapkun,
“Snappy: Fast On-Chain Payments with Practical Collaterals,” in
Network and Distributed System Security Symposium, 2020. [Online].
Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.01278
[9] A. Madhusudan, M. Sedaghat, S. Tiwari, K. Cong, and B. Preneel,
“Reusable, instant and private payment guarantees for cryptocurrencies,”
in Information Security and Privacy (ACISP), 2023, pp. 580–605.
[10] Z. Liu, Y. Xiang, J. Shi, P. Gao, H. Wang, X. Xiao, B. Wen, Q. Li, and Y.-
C. Hu, “Make Web3.0 Connected,” IEEE Transactions on Dependable
and Secure Computing, vol. 19, no. 5, pp. 2965–2981, 2022.
[11] G. Ateniese, B. Magri, D. Venturi, and E. Andrade, “Redactable
Blockchain—or—Rewriting History in Bitcoin and Friends,” in IEEE
European Symposium on Security and Privacy, 2017, pp. 111–126.
[Online]. Available: https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/757
[12] D. Zhang, J. Le, X. Lei, T. Xiang, and X. Liao, “Secure Redactable
Blockchain With Dynamic Support,” IEEE Transactions on Dependable
and Secure Computing, vol. 21, no. 2, pp. 717–731, 2024.
[13] X. Li, J. Xu, L. Yin, Y. Lu, Q. Tang, and Z. Zhang, “Escaping From
Consensus: Instantly Redactable Blockchain Protocols in Permissionless
Setting,” IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing,
vol. 20, no. 5, pp. 3699–3715, 2023.
[14] K. Y. Chan, L. Chen, Y. Tian, and T. H. Yuen, “Reconstructing
Chameleon Hash: Full Security and the Multi-Party Setting,” in Proceed-
ings of the ACM Asia Conference on Computer and Communications
Security, 2024, pp. 1076–1091.
[15] V. Shoup, “Practical Threshold Signatures,” in Advances in Cryptology—
EUROCRYPT, 2000, pp. 207–220. [Online]. Available: https://www.
iacr.org/archive/eurocrypt2000/1807/18070209-new.pdf
[16] S. A. K. Thyagarajan, A. Bhat, B. Magri, D. Tschudi, and A. Kate,
“Reparo: Publicly Veriﬁable Layer to Repair Blockchains,” in Financial
Cryptography and Data Security, 2021, pp. 37–56. [Online]. Available:
https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.00486
[17] R. Matzutt, V. Ahlrichs, J. Pennekamp, R. Karwacik, and K. Wehrle, “A
Moderation Framework for the Swift and Transparent Removal of Illicit
Blockchain Content,” in IEEE International Conference on Blockchain
and Cryptocurrency, 2022.
[18] X. Chen and Y. Gao, “CDEdit: A Highly Applicable Redactable
Blockchain
with
Controllable
Editing
Privilege
and
Diversiﬁed
Editing Types,” 2022, arXiv:2205.07054. [Online]. Available: https:
//arxiv.org/abs/2205.07054
[19] Cloudﬂare, “CIRCL v1.6.5: Threshold RSA implementation,” Software,
tss/rsa
package,
accessed
October
3,
2026.
[Online].
Available:
https://github.com/cloudﬂare/circl/tree/v1.6.5/tss/rsa
[20] E. Buchman, J. Kwon, and Z. Milosevic, “The latest gossip on BFT
consensus,” 2019, arXiv:1807.04938, version 3. [Online]. Available:
https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.04938v3
